## js2-closure.el
*Google Closure dependency manager*

---

Do you use Emacs, `js2-mode`, and Google's Closure Library?  Do you get
frustrated writing your `goog.require` statements by hand?  If that's the
case, then this extension is going to make you very happy.

js2-closure is able to analyse the JavaScript code in your buffer to
determine which imports you need, and then update the `goog.require` list at
the top of your buffer. It works like magic. It also runs instantaneously,
even if you have a big project.

### Installation


Install this package from MELPA using `M-x install-package` and type
`js2-closure`. If you aren't already using MELPA, see:
http://melpa.milkbox.net/#/getting-started

You then need to run a helper script that crawls all your JavaScript sources
for goog.provide statements.  You need to give it the root directory of all
your sources, including the Closure Library itself.  Here's an example:

    wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jart/js2-closure/master/js2-closure-provides.sh
    ./js2-closure-provides.sh \
        ~/justinetunney.com/assets/closure/closure/goog \
        ~/justinetunney.com/assets/js/jart \
        >~/.emacs.d/js2-closure-provides.sh

That will generate an index file in your `~/.emacs.d` directory.  If you
want to store it in a different place, then `js2-closure-provides-file` will
need to be customised.

This index file will be loaded into Emacs automatically when the timestamp
on the file changes.  You need to re-run the script manually whenever new
`goog.provide` statements are added or removed.  Automating that part is up
to you.

### Usage


To use this, you simply run `M-x js2-closure-fix` inside your `js2-mode`
buffer.  This will regenerate the list of goog.require statements by
crawling your source code to see which identifiers are being used.

If you want the magic to happen automatically each time you save the suffer,
then add the following to your `.emacs` file:

    (eval-after-load 'js2-mode
      '(add-hook 'before-save-hook 'js2-closure-save-hook))

Alternatively, you can use a key binding as follows:

    (eval-after-load 'js2-mode
      '(define-key js2-mode-map (kbd "C-c C-c") 'js2-closure-fix))

This tool was written under the assumption that you're following Google's
JavaScript style guide: http://goo.gl/Ny5WxZ

### Function Documentation


#### `(js2-closure-fix)`

Fix the goog.require statements in the current buffer.

This function assumes that all the requires are in one place and
sorted, without indentation or blank lines.  If you don't have
any requires, they'll be added after your provide statements.  If
you don't have those, then this routine will fail.

Effort was also made to avoid needlessly modifying the buffer,
since syntax coloring might take some time to kick back in.

This will automatically load `js2-closure-provides-file` into
memory if it was modified or not yet loaded.

#### `(js2-closure-save-hook)`

Global save hook to invoke `js2-closure-fix` if in `js2-mode`.

To use this feature, add it to `before-save-hook`.

-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
